We finished sign up process and The Last Lecture.
Now let's work on the sign in process.
I'll start in the off service again and here I'll add a new method.
Sign in here I also expect to get a string and a password because these are the these are the credentials
we're going to sign in with and then I'll again return fire firebase off call.
And here it's not create user with e-mail and password but sign in with email and password.
So also very descriptive descriptive method name and here has to email and password.
And then this will again behind the scenes send HTP request to firebase containing our data doing some
validation on the firebase servers potentially sending back a success message or an error handling this
error.
And in the end this gives us a promise where we can listen to everready success case with then or a
potential error in the catch method.
Now with this let's go to the sign in Meffert and here it on sign in.
Of course I want to use the service.
So let's inject it let's inject our off service year
and with this service and check that I'm going to remove Descanso lock.
And again I'll reach out to be of service to the sign in Mefford and then pass on the e-mail and the
password.
We entered and again have a method for the success case and catch method for any errors you might get.
Indeed then method here.
I know I get some data in a success case here.
I for now simply want to lock the state again before we will start refining this method as we did for
the sign up method.
Well and here I know I'll get an error.
So let's lock this error to the console for now with this in place we get all we need for a basic functionality
to see if this works.
So let's now go back to our running application.
Click on sign in and let me try signing in with the correct credentials here.
So the ones I did use to create a new user does against the success case is cryptic object.
Now let's try a valid email address one we haven't created.
Now we see an error that the user is not found.
This looks really great to me.
Now with that in place let's again dive into refining the sign in page and add some loader to it.
And so on